Current patch 21 12 20 (#413)
Agoric/documentation: main/ertp/api/purse.md

quatloosPurse2 = quatloosIssuer.makeEmptyPurse();
```

## purse.getRecentAmount()

> - Returns: `{Amount}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Returns: `{Promise<Amount>}`
```

> Get an `amount` describing the current digital assets balance in the `purse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get a promise for the `amount` of digital assets in the `purse`. Because the promise will resolve at a later point, this information may be outdated by the time it is received, but it was the latest and most accurate balance at the time that the method was called.
```

Of course, the returned `amount` `value` might be different the next time you
call `getRecentAmount()` on the same `purse` if assets have been deposited or
withdrawn from it in-between calls. 

```js
const { issuer: quatloosIssuer } = makeIssuerKit('quatloos');
const quatloosPurse = quatloosIssuer.makeEmptyPurse();
// quatloos5 is a payment with balance of 5 quatloos

> const quatloosPurse.deposit(quatloos5);

Reviewer: I think something got accidentally removed in this line. It's not valid JavaScript.

Reviewer: Could we move this into a test snippet to catch stuff like this?

// Returns an amount with value = 5 and brand = quatloos

> const recentBalance = quatloosPurse.getRecentAmount();

Reviewer: `getRecentAmount` returns a promise, not the amount itself. We should either `await` it or rename `recentBalance` to `recentBalancePromise`

```

## purse.getRecentAmountNotifier() 
- Returns: `{Notifier<Amount>}`

Returns a lossy notifier for changes to this purse's balance. For more details,
see [Notifiers](/distributed-programming.md#notifiers).

```js
const notifier = purse.getRecentAmountNotifier();
let nextUpdate = notifier.getUpdateSince();

const checkNotifier = async () => {
  const { value: balance, updateCount } = await nextUpdate;
  nextUpdate = notifier.getUpdateSince(updateCount);
};
```

## purse.getCurrentAmount()  DEPRECATED AS OF 2021-1-1. See purse.getRecentAmount()

> - Returns: `{Amount}`

Reviewer: This now returns a promise for an Amount, as of Mark's PR. We should update this.

Author: I'm confused; does this mean we simultaneously updated and deprecated a method?

const currentBalance = quatloosPurse.getCurrentAmount();
```

> ## purse.getCurrentAmountNotifier() DEPRECATED AS OF 2021-1-1. See purse.getRecentAmountNotifier()

Reviewer: Hmm, is there a reason to say 2021-1-1 rather than today's date?

Author: Didn't know when the code changes would go into effect, so figured a future date was better, and 1-1  seemed reasonable given the lack of stuff going on in general this week.
